README.md, before:

# ldapjs-promise

[![Build Status][travis_image_url]](https://travis-ci.org/wslyhbb/node-ldapjs-promise)

[travis_image_url]: https://travis-ci.org/wslyhbb/node-ldapjs-promise.svg?branch=master

LDAP Client and Server API for node.js with Promise support.

[ldapjs]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/ldapjs

This is a simple wrapper around [ldapjs] for basic operations.

## Installation

    npm install --save ldapjs-promise

## Usage

For full docs, head on over to <http://ldapjs.org>.

The methods signatures are the same except instead of callbacks they return promises.

```javascript
const ldap = require('ldapjs-promise');

const client = ldap.createClient({
  url: 'ldap://127.0.0.1:1389'
});
await client.bind(dn, password);
```

The [ldapjs] authors made the search method a special method that returns an
<code>EventEmitter</code> so the user can handle each
<code>searchEntry</code> as it is returned. Since this library is just wrapping
[ldapjs], it does not make any assumptions and returns the same <code>EventEmitter</code>.

In order to await all of the results you could:
```javascript
const results = client.search(base, options, controls).then(response => {
    const entries = [];
    let referrals = [];
    return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        response.on('searchEntry', entry => {
            entries.push(entry.object);
        });
        response.on('searchReference', referral => {
            referrals = referrals.concat(referral.uris);
        });
        response.on('error', error => {
            return reject(error);
        })
        response.on('end', result => {
            if (result.status !== 0) {
                return reject(result.status);
            }

            return resolve({
                entries: entries,
                referrals: referrals
            });
        });
    });
});
```
If this is exactly what you want, an extension method <code>searchReturnAll</code> has been added
that does this.
```javascript
const results = await client.searchReturnAll(base, options, controls);
for (let entry of results.entries) {
    ...
}
```

## Additional Methods

+ `findUser(base, username, options)`
+ `userInGroup(base, username, groupName)`

Commit message:

docs(Client): Added clientEventListener explanation

README.md, after:

# ldapjs-promise-cel

[![Build Status][travis_image_url]](https://travis-ci.org/wslyhbb/node-ldapjs-promise)

[travis_image_url]: https://travis-ci.org/wslyhbb/node-ldapjs-promise.svg?branch=master

LDAP Client and Server API for node.js with Promise support.

[ldapjs]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/ldapjs

This is a simple wrapper around [ldapjs] for basic operations.

## Installation

    npm install --save ldapjs-promise

## Usage

For full docs, head on over to <http://ldapjs.org>.

The methods signatures are the same except instead of callbacks they return promises.

```javascript
const ldap = require('ldapjs-promise');

const client = ldap.createClient({
  url: 'ldap://127.0.0.1:1389'
});
await client.bind(dn, password);
```

The [ldapjs] authors made the search method a special method that returns an
<code>EventEmitter</code> so the user can handle each
<code>searchEntry</code> as it is returned. Since this library is just wrapping
[ldapjs], it does not make any assumptions and returns the same <code>EventEmitter</code>.
cel version - added createClient(options.clientEventListener) function register, that adds to the underlying ldapjs client
client.on('error', clientEventListener), so it can handle connection resets and other extreme cases.

In order to await all of the results you could:
```javascript
const results = client.search(base, options, controls).then(response => {
    const entries = [];
    let referrals = [];
    return new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
        response.on('searchEntry', entry => {
            entries.push(entry.object);
        });
        response.on('searchReference', referral => {
            referrals = referrals.concat(referral.uris);
        });
        response.on('error', error => {
            return reject(error);
        })
        response.on('end', result => {
            if (result.status !== 0) {
                return reject(result.status);
            }

            return resolve({
                entries: entries,
                referrals: referrals
            });
        });
    });
});
```
If this is exactly what you want, an extension method <code>searchReturnAll</code> has been added
that does this.
```javascript
const results = await client.searchReturnAll(base, options, controls);
for (let entry of results.entries) {
    ...
}
```

## Additional Methods

+ `findUser(base, username, options)`
+ `userInGroup(base, username, groupName)`
